Reading Passage
In many organizations, perhaps the best way to approach certain new projects is to assemble a group of people into a team. Having a team of people attack a project offers several advantages. First of all, a group of people has a wider range of knowledge, expertise, and skills than any single individual is likely to possess. Also, because of the numbers of people involved and the greater resources they possess, a group can work more quickly in response to the task assigned to it and can come up with highly creative solutions to problems and issues. Sometimes these creative solutions come about because a group is more likely to make risky decisions that an individual might not undertake. This is because the group spreads responsibility for a decision to all the members and thus no single individual can be held accountable if the decision turns out to be wrong.
Taking part in a group process can be very rewarding for members of the team. Team members who have a voice in making a decision will no doubt feel better about carrying out the work that is entailed by that decision than they might doing work that is imposed on them by others. Also, the individual team member has a much better chance to “shine,” to get his or her contributions and ideas not only recognized but recognized as highly significant, because a team’s overall results can be more far-reaching and have greater impact than what might have otherwise been possible for the person to accomplish or contribute working alone. 

Lecture Script
(Professor) Now I want to tell you about what one company found when it decided that it would turn over some of its new projects to teams of people, and make the team responsible for planning the projects and getting the work done. After about six months, the company took a look at how well the teams performed.
On virtually every team, some members got almost a “free ride” ... they didn’t contribute much at all, but if their team did a good job, they nevertheless benefited from the recognition the team got. And what about group members who worked especially well and who provided a lot of insight on problems and issues? Well...the recognition for a job well done went to the group as a whole, no names were named. So it won’t surprise you to learn that when the real contributors were asked how they felt about the group process, their attitude was just the opposite of what the reading predicts.
Another finding was that some projects just didn’t move very quickly. Why? Because it took so long to reach consensus...it took many, many meetings to build the agreement among group members about how they would move the project along. On the other hand, there were other instances where one or two people managed to become very influential over what their group did. Sometimes when those influencers said “That will never work” about an idea the group was developing, the idea was quickly dropped instead of being further discussed. And then there was another occasion when a couple influencers convinced the group that a plan of theirs was “highly creative.” And even though some members tried to warn the rest of the group that the project was moving in directions that might not work, they were basically ignored by other group members. Can you guess the ending to *this* story? When the project failed, the blame was placed on all the members of the group. 

### Question 1
Summarize the points made in the lecture, explaining how they cast doubt on the points made in the reading passage.
Answer (20 minutes, 155~225 words)
The reading passage states that team work is beneficial to achieve the project by supporting some reasons. While the lecturer insists that assembling a group for project has more disadvantage by giving event the following situation. 
Firstly, some members didn’t contribute to the project because the responsibilities are distributed to other members. So some members thought that it’s  right not to do anything for the project, others will contribute anyway. But this is not only one members, some members also have similar thought. So some members never contributed anything for the project. 
Secondly, by grouping a members they are not easily reach consensus due to different opinions. They have  different opinions which are not limited two - three. It will be more than members’ numbers. This is one of the reason to delay the project and they also  frequently meet the disputation of the direction of the project. With that, there should be a distributed responsibilities and the team leader. 
Finally,  when some members made a creative idea for the project, others not easily agree with the idea because they wanted to pursue their ideas as well. . So the members who don’t adopted their opinion are not going to take part the project enthusiastically. This project will revolve around  the  member who made a creative idea. 
In spite of many advantages in reading passage, lecturer not agree with the grouping for the project is not beneficial for him  

### Question 2
If you could change one important thing about your hometown, what would you change? Use reasons and specific examples to support your answer.
Answer (30 minutes, 300 words)
 I live in a rural area. Since I was a child, I was hoping  that  library would be constructed in our region, I was  thinking  that valuable institutions such as library if  constructed is beneficial for our children.
 Rural area is suffering from lack of infrastructures like libraries, departments and sport facilities. These institutions should be constructed in our home town. Even if the local government meets financial problems, they should plan in managing the financial to build the building. Moreover, library should be constructed firstly because if it will be  is constructed, many people would benefit form it Specially children as well as adults who are preparing for an exam. By that they don't need to go to study at the big city. In addition,  Children living in rural area can study anytime after school like children living in a big city going to academy. 
Library has less maintenance costs and construction costs than other valuable infrastructures. . so it won’t be that hard to construct as much as willingness from the government is there. 
 I may not be able to use library in my home town now because It’s not constructed yet it is likely to be used by the next generation. 

How do movies or television influence people’s behavior? Use reasons and specific examples to support your answer.

Video such as movies or television is not positively influence the people’s behavior. Of course, there are another aspect of video to people such as entertaining after work or enjoy a free time by eating a television. 
Firstly, unlikely reading a book, watching a TV, or movies suppress to think something by themselves. This is affect to children strongly rather than adult. Because a children have a enough time to think something by themselves to extent thinking ability when they are child. If they spend most of time to watching a video, they are willing to lost their study in school. 
And watching a video for a long time let the family lost their talking time each other in the house. If parent concentration on the drama, their child will lost a chance to talking with their parent likely after dinner. Even some addicted people is watching a drama, while they are eating a dinner. This is important that each of family members pay attention not to be addicted television for long time. 
Unlikely I mentioned before, watching a television can positively affect on people’s life cycle. For example, my wife and child usually watch some entertainment program with together so that they will release the stress from work or school. And then they discuss what they watched to share their thought. This is effectively affect their relationship becoming close to each other. 
Considering I stated the reasons, I can reach the conclusion that watching a video without limitless negatively affected on people’s behavior or life style. But regularly watching a video is good to make a relationship among the family. So I recommend people who want to use their television that watching a video with proper regulation is  positively affect their behavior.
