Reading passage (3 minutes)
Critics say that current voting systems used in the United States are inefficient and often lead to the inaccurate counting of votes. Miscounts can be especially damaging if an election is closely contested. Those critics would like the traditional systems to be replaced with far more efficient and trustworthy computerized voting systems.
In traditional voting, one major source of inaccuracy is that people accidentally vote for the wrong candidate. Voters usually have to find the name of their candidate on a large sheet of paper containing many names—the ballot—and make a small mark next to that name. People with poor eyesight can easily mark the wrong name. The computerized voting machines have an easy-to-use touch-screen technology: to cast a vote, a voter needs only to touch the candidate’s name on the screen to record a vote for that candidate; voters can even have the computer magnify the name for easier viewing.
Another major problem with old voting systems is that they rely heavily on people to count the votes. Officials must often count up the votes one by one, going through every ballot and recording the vote. Since they have to deal with thousands of ballots, it is almost inevitable that they will make mistakes. If an error is detected, a long and expensive recount has to take place. In contrast, computerized systems remove the possibility of human error, since all the vote counting is done quickly and automatically by the computers.
Finally some people say it is too risky to implement complicated voting technology nationwide. But without giving it a thought, governments and individuals alike trust other complex computer technology every day to be perfectly accurate in banking transactions as well as in the communication of highly sensitive information.

Lecture Script
(Narrator) Now listen to part of a lecture on the topic you just read about.
(Female professor) While traditional voting systems have some problems, it’s doubtful that computerized voting will make the situation any better. Computerized voting may seem easy for people who are used to computers. But what about people who aren’t? People who can’t afford computers, people who don’t use them on a regular basis—these people will have trouble using computerized voting machines. These voters can easily cast the wrong vote or be discouraged from voting altogether because of fear of technology. Furthermore, it’s true that humans make mistakes when they count up ballots by hand. But are we sure that computers will do a better job? After all, computers are programmed by humans, so “human error” can show up in mistakes in their programs. And the errors caused by these defective programs may be far more serious. The worst a human official can do is miss a few ballots. But an error in a computer program can result in thousands of votes being miscounted or even permanently removed from the record. And in many voting systems, there is no physical record of the votes, so a computer recount in the case of a suspected error is impossible! As for our trust of computer technology for banking and communications, remember one thing: these systems are used daily and they are used heavily. They didn’t work flawlessly when they were first introduced. They had to be improved on and improved on until they got as reliable as they are today. But voting happens only once every two years nationally in the United States and not much more than twice a year in many local areas. This is hardly sufficient for us to develop confidence that computerized voting can be fully trusted.

### Question 1
Summarize the points made in the lecture, being sure to explain how they oppose specific points made in the reading passage.
Answer (20 minutes, 155~225 words)
The reading passage states that traditional voting systems have some problems which the computerized voting can't make the situation any better. On the other hand, the lecturer refutes the reading passage in three points.
First, not everyone has computer and they are not used to computer. The older people are not usually used to computer in general life. So they can't easily access computerized voting and they will not know how to used that. Even if some people know how to use computerized voting, they may easily make a mistake in using voting system. Computerized voting systems caused miscount on votes.
Seconds, computer is not perfect machine. As computers are programmed by the human beings, thus computer can afford enough wrong counting. Problems made by computer system will be more serious because there is no tangible votes, sometimes a larger number of votes might be miscounted or removed from the system. 
Thirdly, we can't trust computerized system rather than computerized banking system. This systems are used daily and they are used heavily. However, the voting systems are not used as often as banking system. This used ones a five years. 
All in all, not everyone uses to computer properly. Computer is not perfect machine and voting system is not reliable. These are the main reasons why computerized voting system can’t replace the tradition voting system. 

### Question 2
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? A teacher’s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.
Answer (30 minutes 300 words)
When I was a middle school student, I met a special teacher who takes care of the students  personally more than other teachers. He was also interested me about my personal problem. I had a family problem at that time. So I wanted to consult my the problem with teacher. He advised me what I do for this and how to understand my parent's fighting. I really appreciated his  consultation . I felt that a teacher who relate well with student is more popular.
 Another story happened when I was in high school. Many students like a teacher who has excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. However, the teacher who has good relationship with students makes some of their students' grade increase by interesting more personally. He taught them that if you learn respect from one another first, you will study to help each other then your grade will increase far more rapidly. I was touched. Some students' grade increased by helping each other. 
Finally, I felt that a student will appreciate the teacher who teaches how to make a good relationship others after getting a job. Even if excellent knowledge of the subject being taught is more important in school, the student who is taught subject knowledge as well as with good relationship is considered as a good student rather than the student who has only excellent subject knowledge.  
In conclusion, a teacher's goal is to teach his subject as well as keep a good relation with his student. 

